before you can place your images onto
your web pages you must first upload
them to your site using the file
management utility if you need
instructions please view the uploading
files tutorial once you have uploaded
pictures you can use them on many
different pages of your teacher website
a good choice for displaying many photos
is a gallery page if you do not have a
gallery page do not know how to add one
watch are at a page tutorial let's go to
our gallery page to edit the page if you
have a classic ikon style or frame style
site click the top divider line if you
have a new design template style click
the last modified date enter your
password and login to add photos to this
page first describe the photo with a
heading and description next select the
uploaded photo you would like to display
from the drop down box if you have
multiple images uploaded they will all
be listed here for your selection then
you can choose the placement of your
photo on the page left side or right
side click Add gallery item to add
another photo
then scroll down and enter your password
and click Save now you have added photos
to a gallery page another page type
where you can display images is the
enhanced text page let's go to the
update page
you have more flexibility and this type
of page you can type texts and place
your pictures around the page using the
drop-down boxes labeled images when you
are finished scroll to the bottom enter
your password and click Save
other page types such as photo docs page
new / page blog page and calendar page
also incorporate the file library
drop-down boxes which allow for easy
access to your uploaded files you can
also add images to fix locations on
other pages to do this go to your update
index page where you will see your list
of active pages find the page where you
would like to add an image and click the
edit page settings button next to the
pages name click the button next to
either the top or bottom image depending
on where you would like to place it on
the page this will bring you to the
teacher web graphics library you can
either select one of these graphics or
go to the drop down box on top and
select an image from my library go to
the bottom click save image selection
then click Save Changes let's look at
that page now you can also add an image
in the same manner when you add a new
page to your website
when you are finished log out